Add philosophy and contribute sections (#36)
abtion/guidelines: README.md

# Abtion Guidelines

Please, go to the specific folder for more info.

## Philosophy

> The guidelines are extracted from real problems we had and the solutions we have found a long the way. The guidelines should be used as a default unless there is a good against it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guidelines are extracted from real problems we encountered and the solutions we have found a long the way. These guidelines should be used as a default unless there is a good reason against it.
```

## Contribute

> This guidelines are created with the work of the whole organization. Anyone is welcome to open a PR to any section of the guidelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These guidelines are created with the help of the whole organization. Anyone is welcome to open a PR to any section of the guidelines.
```
